about/index.md, before:

---
eleventyNavigation:
  key: About
  order: 2
layout: post.njk
title: About Frontend Dogma
vg_wort: e912fe8f75ac4b8c8302c7640a9f9d85
---
Frontend Dogma is run by [Jens Oliver Meiert](https://meiert.com/en/), a former Google tech lead, an engineering manager, and an O’Reilly as well as independent [author](https://www.goodreads.com/author/list/13623828.Jens_Oliver_Meiert). [Personal note: I’m still unsure what voice to assume here. I’ll keep it a bit distant for now, but there’s a living, breathing being behind this site.]

## Mission

Frontend Dogma aims to be a decent source for frontend development. Not spectacular, but decent: Share meaningful information; make that information easy to access (via [feed](/feed/) and [Twitter](https://twitter.com/frontenddogma)); give good credit to authors and publishers (with “do follow” links and ample Twitter mentions).

As such, Frontend Dogma is also a small and humble publisher of books about frontend development. The [first titles](/books/) are all ebooks by Frontend Dogma’s founder, Jens Oliver Meiert. Over time, Frontend Dogma will feature other authors and book types. If you are an author writing about frontend development, [get in touch](/contact/) for how Frontend Dogma and you could fit together.

## FAQ

### Do You Fact-Check and Endorse Everything You’re Linking?

No. That would neither be possible nor desirable. There are many viewpoints, even in frontend development, and people err, also in frontend development.

### Can I Propose or Provide Content for Frontend Dogma?

Absolutely! Please reach out by [sending an email](/contact/) or [a direct message on Twitter](https://twitter.com/messages/9372812-1362505873625645064). At the moment it’s easier to propose articles to be featured than to provide content to be (re)published, but please share your thoughts.

### Can I Make Other Suggestions and Contributions?

Yes! [Site feedback and contributions](https://github.com/j9t/frontenddogma.com) are always welcome.

### How Dogmatic Is Frontend Dogma?

Not dogmatic. Frontend Dogma certainly shares convictions, but it’s not about dogma and there is no agenda.

### What About the Design of Frontend Dogma?

It’s intentionally basic and [continuously improved](https://meiert.com/en/blog/the-greatest-secret-in-web-design/). Just as with everything else, [suggestions and feedback](https://github.com/j9t/frontenddogma.com) are welcome.

### Is There Anything Else to Know?

Not really, other than if you like Frontend Dogma, you may also like its sister site: UITest.com features [web-based tools for web development and design](https://uitest.com/).

Commit message:

Tweaked content section
Signed-off-by: Jens Oliver Meiert <jens@meiert.com>

about/index.md, after:

---
eleventyNavigation:
  key: About
  order: 2
layout: post.njk
title: About Frontend Dogma
vg_wort: e912fe8f75ac4b8c8302c7640a9f9d85
---
Frontend Dogma is run by [Jens Oliver Meiert](https://meiert.com/en/), a former Google tech lead, an engineering manager, and an O’Reilly as well as independent [author](https://www.goodreads.com/author/list/13623828.Jens_Oliver_Meiert). [Personal note: I’m still unsure what voice to assume here. I’ll keep it a bit distant for now, but there’s a living, breathing being behind this site.]

## Mission

Frontend Dogma aims to be a decent source for frontend development. Not spectacular, but decent: Share meaningful information; make that information easy to access (via [feed](/feed/) and [Twitter](https://twitter.com/frontenddogma)); give good credit to authors and publishers (with “do follow” links and ample Twitter mentions).

As such, Frontend Dogma is also a small and humble publisher of books about frontend development. The [first titles](/books/) are all ebooks by Frontend Dogma’s founder, Jens Oliver Meiert. Over time, Frontend Dogma will feature other authors and book types. If you are an author writing about frontend development, [get in touch](/contact/) for how Frontend Dogma and you could fit together.

## FAQ

### Do You Fact-Check and Endorse Everything You’re Linking?

No. That would neither be possible nor desirable. There are many viewpoints, even in frontend development, and people err, also in frontend development.

### Can I Propose or Provide Content for Frontend Dogma?

Absolutely! Please reach out by [sending an email](/contact/) or [a direct message on Twitter](https://twitter.com/messages/9372812-1362505873625645064). You can also try the unofficial [front matter generator](https://hell.meiert.org/aux/generate-front-matter/) and [file a PR](https://github.com/j9t/frontenddogma.com/compare) to propose links to be featured on Frontend Dogma.

### Can I Make Other Suggestions and Contributions?

Yes! [Site feedback and contributions](https://github.com/j9t/frontenddogma.com) are always welcome.

### How Dogmatic Is Frontend Dogma?

Not dogmatic. Frontend Dogma certainly shares convictions, but it’s not about dogma and there is no agenda.

### What About the Design of Frontend Dogma?

It’s intentionally basic and [continuously improved](https://meiert.com/en/blog/the-greatest-secret-in-web-design/). Just as with everything else, [suggestions and feedback](https://github.com/j9t/frontenddogma.com) are welcome.

### Is There Anything Else to Know?

Not really, other than if you like Frontend Dogma, you may also like its sister site: UITest.com features [web-based tools for web development and design](https://uitest.com/).
